### c ques
1. A car mechanic who has the capability to build a racing car. The car mechanic estimated a time in seconds which will be taken to construct a race car, But the professionals wanted the exact time in D:HH:MM:SS, (where D, HH, MM, and SS represent days, hours, minutes and seconds respectively) to be convinced for funding. Help them with a suitable logic that can help the car mechanic to convince company.

2. Nancy bought apples in a fruit shop. The shop keeper specified the bill amount. Nancy also given some amount to the shop keeper for paying the bill. But she likes to know the quotient and remainder after dividing the amount given by her by the bill amount specified by shop keeper. Can you help Nancy in finding it?

3. Jim was working as a loco pilot in the Indian railways. He was travelling from one state to another state by train. The default distance calculation machine shows the total travelling distance in kilometers, but Jim would like to know the distance in Meters, Feet, Inches and Centimeters. Can you provide him the distance in as he requests?

4. Yusuf has just arrived in the city of Madhura. He brought an old house and repairing it. On seeing the pathetic floor conditions, he planned to pave it with tile. He has a m x n units of floor area and want to cover it up with 2x1 size tiles. Could you help him to find out the minimum number tiles he needs to cover the floor?

5. Issacs loved to do agriculture he worked for a 9-5 job in the week days and dedicated to do agriculture on the week end. He dreamed to combine technology and agriculture together in the future. He started with a small automated automobile that can water the plants when he is not available in the field. He measured his field in square feet but for generalizing his project he wished to convert it to acres. Can you help him with a code that reads the area of the farmer’s field in square feet and display the area in acres? Functional Description: There are 43,560 square feet in an acre.